docs: add stdio to mcp's how-to doc (#609)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/how-to/connect_via_mcp.md

### Using the MCP Inspector with Toolbox

Use MCP [Inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector) for
testing and debugging Toolbox server.

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="STDIO" lang="en" %}}
1. Run Inspector with Toolbox as a subprocess:

   ```bash
   npx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector ./toolbox --stdio
   ```

1. For `Transport Type` dropdown menu, select `STDIO`.

> 1. In `Command`, make sure that it's filled with `./toolbox` (The Toolbox binary that was
>    installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `Command`, make sure that it is set to :`./toolbox` (or the correct path to where the Toolbox binary is installed).
```
